---
layout: post
title: The Path We Walk
date: 2014-09-16 09:09:02
tags: [ ]
categories:
    - getting-inspired
permalink: /path-walk
feature: thepathwewalk.jpg
---
Some days I sit here, staring at the computer screen, pondering what’s next. What keys should I strike with a vengeance or what icon should I smash.

I often wonder, “Is this the correct path I’m suppose to travel? Or is this just a temporary trail for me to follow?”

One of my first jobs was selling music albums at the mall. In all actuality, it was a cake job. People would come in because they&#8217;ve already decided they wanted to buy some music. My job was simple: get them what they want. I didn&#8217;t have to stand out in the mall entrance enticing people with a crazy gimmick. I didn&#8217;t have to sit down and think through my approach. All I had to do was talk.

**Me**: “Hello, how are you?”

**Customer**: “Eh, ok.”

**Me**: “Anything I can help to make it better?”

**Customer**: “Yeah, do you have any CDs by FacePunchMidgets*?”

**Me**: “Yeah, we have the new one over here in New Age.”

**Customer**: “Awesome! I’m so excited!”

**Me**: “Great! Did you hear about this group, SpinalKick*? They’re on tour with FacePunchMidgets now and I guess they’re pretty good.”

**Customer**: “Really? Awesome! I’ll take their CD too! I love this stuff!”

_*These bands don&#8217;t actually exist. That I know of._

And sale end. Nothing hard about it. All I had to do was show interest in the customer.  In their needs. Then try to introduce them to something that they may enjoy.

Life is a finicky thing. Some days you’re happy and comfortable and excited about the future events. Other days you sit back, frustrated and reveling in the days of selling CDs to people.

From there I have had a myriad of jobs: teacher, systems operator, printer, web designer, web developer, sales, secretary, project manager, marketing manager, game developer &#8230; I have to say, looking back I’m surprised at the journey I&#8217;ve taken.

But where do I go from here? Currently I’m working as a web designer at a fantastic company. I started as a designer, creating wire-frames, information architecture and final designs. Then I moved into the front end development team, which was new and challenging. I have even had the opportunity to create a mobile game. Who would have though, ten years ago, that I’d even get to MAKE games? I even have gotten to play with some augmented reality stuff for a client pitch!

_**We never know where life will lead.**_ We never know what kind of obstacles will be in our way. What holes may be dug into the dirt before us by little foxes who try to trip us up.

All we can do is trust in the path planned for us.

At my age I’m still looking at my career, wondering what’s next. Who knows, maybe in 10 years I’ll be an astronaut.
